tBodyAcc Mean in X-Axis
tBodyAcc Mean in Y-Axis
tBodyAcc Mean in Z-Axis
tBodyAcc Stdev in X-Axis
tBodyAcc Stdev in Y-Axis
tBodyAcc Stdev in Z-Axis
tGravityAcc Mean in X-Axis
tGravityAcc Mean in Y-Axis
tGravityAcc Mean in Z-Axis
tGravityAcc Stdev in X-Axis
tGravityAcc Stdev in Y-Axis
tGravityAcc Stdev in Z-Axis
tBodyAccJerk Mean in X-Axis
tBodyAccJerk Mean in Y-Axis
tBodyAccJerk Mean in Z-Axis
tBodyAccJerk Stdev in X-Axis
tBodyAccJerk Stdev in Y-Axis
tBodyAccJerk Stdev in Z-Axis
tBodyGyro Mean in X-Axis
tBodyGyro Mean in Y-Axis
tBodyGyro Mean in Z-Axis
tBodyGyro Stdev in X-Axis
tBodyGyro Stdev in Y-Axis
tBodyGyro Stdev in Z-Axis
tBodyGyroJerk Mean in X-Axis
tBodyGyroJerk Mean in Y-Axis
tBodyGyroJerk Mean in Z-Axis
tBodyGyroJerk Stdev in X-Axis
tBodyGyroJerk Stdev in Y-Axis
tBodyGyroJerk Stdev in Z-Axis
tBodyAccMag Mean  
tBodyAccMag Stdev  
tGravityAccMag Mean  
tGravityAccMag Stdev  
tBodyAccJerkMag Mean  
tBodyAccJerkMag Stdev  
tBodyGyroMag Mean  
tBodyGyroMag Stdev  
tBodyGyroJerkMag Mean  
tBodyGyroJerkMag Stdev  
fBodyAcc Mean in X-Axis
fBodyAcc Mean in Y-Axis
fBodyAcc Mean in Z-Axis
fBodyAcc Stdev in X-Axis
fBodyAcc Stdev in Y-Axis
fBodyAcc Stdev in Z-Axis
fBodyAccJerk Mean in X-Axis
fBodyAccJerk Mean in Y-Axis
fBodyAccJerk Mean in Z-Axis
fBodyAccJerk Stdev in X-Axis
fBodyAccJerk Stdev in Y-Axis
fBodyAccJerk Stdev in Z-Axis
fBodyGyro Mean in X-Axis
fBodyGyro Mean in Y-Axis
fBodyGyro Mean in Z-Axis
fBodyGyro Stdev in X-Axis
fBodyGyro Stdev in Y-Axis
fBodyGyro Stdev in Z-Axis
fBodyAccMag Mean  
fBodyAccMag Stdev  
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag Mean  
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag Stdev  
fBodyBodyGyroMag Mean  
fBodyBodyGyroMag Stdev  
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag Mean  
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag Stdev  
Participant Number
Activities
